Missing topics 2.1 (#106)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/ff-concepts/file-handling/audio/audio-player.md

1. Drag the **AudioPlayer** widget from the **Base Elements** tab (in the Widget Panel) or add it directly from the widget tree.
2. Move to the properties panel (on the right side of your screen) and scroll down to the **Audio Options** section.
3. Find the **Title** property and enter the value to display the audio title. You can also set this from the variable, such as the app state variable, API response variable, Firestore document, and more. To do so, click on the **Set from Variable**.
4. Find the **Path** property and enter the **URL** for the new audio file.
5. By default, the audio stops when you move to another page using the **Pause on Forward Navigation** property.
6. When an app goes in the background while the audio player is running, you can control the audio player's behavior using the **Play in Background** property, which has following options:
    1. **Enabled**: This keeps the audio player running.
    2. **Disabled, restore on foreground**: This pauses the audio player and starts playing again as soon as the app is visible.
    3. **Disabled, pause**: This stops the audio player as soon as the app goes in the background.

:::info

> By default, every AudioPlayer widget added to the project will show sample audio from the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, every AudioPlayer widget added to the project will play a sample audio file from a network URL.
```
